SBI Home LoanState Bank of India offers home loans to applicants depending on their eligibility and credit profile. Apart from regular borrowers,SBI also offers special home loan schemes for defence personnel, non-salaried individuals, government employees and individuals living in hilly/tribal areas. Applicants can calculate EMIs and amount payable using the EMI calculator and then apply for a suitable SBI Home Loan through Paisabazaar....State Bank of India offers home loans to applicants depending on their eligibility and credit profile. Apart from regular borrowers, SBI also offers special home loan schemes for defence personnel, non-salaried individuals, government employees and individuals living in hilly/tribal areas. Applicants can calculate EMIs and amount payable using the EMI calculator and then apply for a suitable SBI Home Loan through Paisabazaar.Personalised Interest RatesRates Based on Customer ProfileHighest Loan Approval ChancesOffers for Salaried & Self-EmployedDedicated Customer SupportExpert Assistance at Every StepTransfer Balance & Get a Top-Up EasilyAdditional Funds when RequiredGoogle Play Store4.5/515.5L Reviews5.7cr+Satisfied Customers65+Lending Partners₹65k Cr+Loans DisbursedGet Home Loan
Lowest interest rates starting from
7.1%
By submitting this form, you have read and agree to the Credit Report Terms of Use, Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Google Play Store4.5/515.5L Reviews5.7cr+Satisfied Customers65+Lending Partners₹65k Cr+Loans DisbursedPersonalised Interest RatesRates Based on Customer ProfileHighest Loan Approval ChancesOffers for Salaried & Self-EmployedDedicated Customer SupportExpert Assistance at Every StepTransfer Balance & Get a Top-Up EasilyAdditional Funds when RequiredHome Loan EMI CalculatorAmount₹₹50 L₹80 L₹100 L₹500 L₹1000 LAmount₹50 L₹80 L₹1 Cr₹5 Cr₹10 Cr₹50K15CrRate of Interest(Per Annum)%6%30%Tenure1Y 30YYour Monthly EMI Payment₹0Principal Amount₹0Interest Amount₹0Total Amount₹0Find Best Home Loan OffersSort by:HDFC BankMin Loan Amt. ₹15LRate of Interest7.2% - 13.2%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 10,000ICICI BankMin Loan Amt. ₹15LRate of Interest7.65% - 9.80%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 10,000Axis BankMin Loan Amt. ₹30LRate of Interest8.35% - 11.90%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 14,000 Quick LinksHighlightsInterest RatesFees and ChargesComparison TableTypesEligibility CriteriaDocuments RequiredHow to ApplyCustomer CareApplication StatusFAQsWhy Choose Paisabazaar?Compare & Choose the Best OfferCurated Offers from Multiple LendersHighest Loan Approval ChancesEasy & Transparent Borrowing ProcessHow Can I Apply for a Home Loan Online?Get up to ₹5 Crore in 5 Simple StepsStep 1: Enter your mobile number in the application form.Step 2: Verify using the OTP sent to your mobile number.Step 3: Enter details related to your loan requirements.Step 4: Provide your personal and employment details.Step 5: Compare offers and apply for the best-suited loan.SBI Home Loan Highlights
Interest Rate
7.25% p.a. onwards
Minimum Loan Amount
Rs. 30 lakh
LTV Ratio
Up to 75% of the property value
Loan Tenure
Up to 30 years
Processing Charges
Rs. 11,800
Note: Last updated on 4th February 2026
SBI Home Loan Interest Rates 2026Individuals availing SBI Home Loan through Paisabazaar can avail home loan interest rates starting from 7.25% p.a. However, the bank offers on sbi home loan interest rates depending on the applicant's credit score and the type of home loan applied for. However, the bank has not specified interest rate differentiation based on the loan amount, credit score, LTV ratio, job profile, employer’s profile, monthly income, etc. Nevertheless, the lender may consider these factors while setting home loan interest rates for their applicants.
SBI Home Loan Processing Fees and Charges
Particulars
Details
Home Loan & Top-up Home Loan
Rs. 11,800
NRI, Realty, Maxgain, CRE, Flexi-pay, Non-salaried, PAL, Trible Plus, Apon Ghar Loan above Rs 15 lakhs
0.35% of the loan amount (Rs 2,000-Rs 10,000)
YONO Insta Home Top-up Loan (Digital Product)
Rs 2,000
Privilege and Shaurya Home Loan
NIL
Apon Ghar (HL up to Rs 15 lakhs)
NIL
Kerala Govt Employees Home Loans Scheme
NIL
Comparison of SBI Home Loan Interest Rates with Other Lenders
Name of Lender
Interest Rates
Axis Bank
8.00% p.a.
Bajaj Housing Finance
7.15% p.a.
Bank of India
7.10% p.a.
Canara Bank
7.15% p.a.
Easy Home Finance
8.99% p.a.
Federal Bank
8.75% p.a.
Godrej Housing Finance
7.60% p.a.
HDFC Bank
7.20%* p.a.
HDFC Sales Pvt. Ltd.
7.20%* p.a.
Home First Finance
8.00% p.a.
ICICI Bank
7.45% p.a.
IDBI Bank
7.35% p.a.
IDFC FIRST Bank
8.85% p.a.
India Shelter Home Loan
8.43% p.a.
Jio Housing Finance
8.20% p.a.
L&T Finance Limited
7.65%* p.a.
Piramal Capital Housing Finance
9.99% p.a.
PNB Housing Finance
7.50% p.a.
Punjab & Sind Bank
7.30% p.a.
Punjab National Bank
7.20% p.a.
RBL Bank
8.20% p.a.
Sammaan Capital (Formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance)
8.75% p.a.
Shubham Housing Finance
10.45% p.a.
Tata Capital Housing Finance
7.50% p.a.
*when applied through Paisabazaar
Rates as of 4th February 2026
Get a Home Loan ForYour Dream HomeTypes of SBI Home LoanRegular Home Loan
Purpose: SBI offers a Regular Home Loan scheme for financing the purchase of already built/under construction property and the purchase of pre-owned homes. Those seeking to avail home construction loan for financing the construction of their home property or avail home renovation loan for carrying out repair/renovation/extension of their existing house property can avail the SBI Regular Home Loan scheme.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
NRI Home Loan
Purpose: SBI offers NRI Home Loans to Non-Resident Indians for purchasing residential properties in India.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Flexipay Home Loan
Purpose: SBI offers Flexipay Home Loan to salaried applicants wherein they can avail higher loan amounts. The repayment tenure of SBI Flexi Home Loan is divided into two terms – the pre-EMI period where the borrower pays only the interest component and the balance period where the borrower pays both the interest and the principal component.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Home Loan Balance Transfer
Purpose: SBI Home Loan Balance Transfer is offered to existing home loan borrowers of other banks/HFCs to transfer their housing loans to State Bank of India at lower interest rates.
SBI Privilege Home Loan
Purpose: Government employees working with central/state government, public sector banks, public sector undertakings and other individuals with pensionable services can avail SBI Privilege Home Loan Scheme.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Shaurya Home Loan
Purpose: SBI Shaurya Home Loan scheme is a special home loan scheme designed for army and defense personnel with lower interest rates, easy repayment options and a longer repayment period.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Pre-Approved Home Loan
Purpose: SBI Pre-approved Home Loan facility allows prospective home loan applicants to obtain pre-approved loan sanction even before finalizing the property. This allows the applicants to confidently negotiate with the builders/sellers. This sanction is offered on the basis of the income of the home loan applicant.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Realty Home Loan
Purpose: Prospective home loan borrowers can avail SBI Realty (Plot) Home Loan to raise funds for plot purchase and home construction thereon, provided the construction begins within 5 years from the date of loan sanction.
Loan Amount: Up to Rs 15 crore
Tenure: Up to 10 years
SBI Top-up Home Loan
Purpose: SBI offers SBI Top-up Home Loan facility to its existing home loan borrowers wherein they can avail additional loan amounts over and above their existing home loans for any personal use.
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI YONO Insta Home Top-up Loan
Purpose: Pre-select existing home loan borrowers of SBI can avail SBI YONO Insta Home Top-up Loan, to meet their personal requirements. This is an instant top-up home loan facility offered through a completely digital process over the SBI YONO app.
SBI Home Loan to Non-Salaried- Differential Offerings
Purpose: SBI Housing Loan to Non-Salaried-Differential Offerings is a special home loan scheme designed for non-salaried applicants to finance the purchase and construction of homes, repair and renovation of existing dwelling units and balance transfer of existing home loans from other lenders to SBI.
Loan Amount: Rs 50,000-Rs 5 crore
Tenure: Up to 30 years
SBI Tribal Plus
Purpose: SBI Tribal Plus is a special home loan scheme designed for individuals residing in tribal/hilly areas. The applicants can avail the home loan scheme for the purchase/construction of a new house/flat, the purchase of an existing house/flat not more than 10 years old, and repair/renovation/extension of existing home properties.
Loan Amount:
For Salaried Individuals- Up to Rs 20 lakh
For Non-Salaried Individuals – Up to Rs 15 lakh
Tenure: Up to 15 years
SBI Maxgain Home Loan
Purpose: SBI Maxgain is a home loan overdraft facility offered to applicants planning to purchase ready-to-move-in properties. The borrowers are required to meet their EMIs just like they do for Regular Home Loans. However, the drawing power on the overdraft facility gets reduced monthly to the extent of the principal balance.
SBI Home Loan Eligibility CriteriaSBI offers home loans depending on the age and job profile of its applicants. Below-mentioned are the criteria depending on which SBI evaluates the home loan eligibility of its applicants.
Types
Eligibility
For SBI Regular Home Loans/Home Loan Balance Transfer/Pre-Approved Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 70 years
Nationality: Resident Indian
For SBI NRI Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 60 years
Nationality: Non-Resident Indian and Person of Indian Origin
For SBI Flexipay Home Loan
Minimum age: 21-45 years
Maximum age: 70 years
Job Profile: Salaried
Nationality: Indian
For SBI Privilege Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 75 years
Nationality: Resident Indian
Job Profile: Government employees working with the central or state government, public sector banks, public sector undertakings of the central government and other individuals with pensionable service.
For SBI Shaurya Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 75 years
Nationality: Resident Indian
Job Profile: Army and Defence Personnel
For SBI Realty Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 65 years
Nationality: Indian
For SBI Top-up Home Loan
Minimum age: 18 years
Maximum age: 70 years
Nationality: Resident Indian/NRIs
For SBI YONO Insta Home Top-up Loan
Pre-selected customers based on various credit checks such as satisfactory repayment, residual loan tenure, etc.
For SBI Home Loan to Non-Salaried-Differential Offerings
Minimum age: 18 years
Nationality: Resident Indian
Job Profile: Non-Salaried, if the applicant is a proprietor in a proprietorship firm, or is one of the partners in a partnership firm, or is a director in a company, the company/firm:-
Should be in existence for at least 3 years
Should have earned Net Profit in the past 2 years
Regular and standard existing credit facilities
If the proposed house property is jointly acquired by a proprietor and proprietary firm, the firm should be debt-free or an existing borrower
For SBI Tribal Loan
Minimum age: 21 years
Maximum age: 60 years
Nationality: Resident Indian
In addition to the above-mentioned  SBI home loan eligibility criteria, the lender may also consider factors like monthly income, EMI/NMI ratio and credit score of the home loan applicants for evaluating their home loan eligibility.
Documents Required for SBI Home LoanSBI has provided a list of documents required for availing home loans. Below-mentioned is the detailed list of documents required for availing home loans from State Bank of India.
General Documents for SBI Housing Loan
ID card of the employer
Duly filled application form with 3 passport-sized photographs
ID Proof: PAN/Voter ID/Passport/Driving License
Address Proof: Copy of telephone bill/electricity bill/water bill/piped gas bill/passport copy/Aadhar card
General Documents for SBI NRI Home Loan
Employer Identity Card
Attested copy of valid Passport and visa
Address proof of current overseas address
Loan application form duly filled with 3 Passport size photographs
For applicants employed in the merchant navy – Copy of Continuous Discharge Certificate (CDC)
For PIOs – PIO Card issued by the Government of India
The attestation of documents may be done by Offices or Indian Embassy/Consulate, FOs/Rep. or Overseas Notary Public or officials of Branch/Sourcing outfits based in India
Property Papers
Permission for construction
Sale agreement registered (only Maharashtra), Allotment letter, Stamped Sale Agreement
Occupancy certificate (ready to move in), maintenance bill, electricity bill, property tax receipt
Copy of plan approved and Registered Development Agreement of the builder, Conveyance Deed (For New Property)
Registered Development Agreement of the builder
Conveyance Deed
Bank account details or payment receipts for payments made to the builder
Account Statement
Bank account statement for the last 6 months for all bank accounts
Loan account statement for the last 1 year for previous loans from other financial institutions
For NRIs – Bank account details for the last 6 months overseas account having salary, savings and Indian account, if any
Salaried Applicant/Co-applicant/Guarantor Income Proof
Last 3 months salary slip/certificate
Copy of ITR/Form 16, acknowledged by IT Department
For NRIs:
Valid work permit
Copy of last year’s Individual Tax Return except for NRIs/PIOs located in Middle East countries and employees in the Merchant Navy
Employment contract – an English translation duly attested by the employer or consulate or foreign office or Embassy in case it is in any other language
Latest salary certificate /slip in original and a copy of the identity card issued by the current employer
Last 3 months salary slip/certificate
Bank Statement of last 6 months showing salary credit
Non-Salaried Applicant/Co-applicant/Guarantor Income Proof
ITR for the last 3 years
Business Address Proof
Profit and loss account and balance sheet for last 3 years
TDS Certificate (Form 16A)
Qualification Certificate for CA, Doctors and other professionals
Business License Details
Individual Tax Return of last 2 years, except for NRI/PIO located in Middle east countries
Bank Statement of overseas account of last 6 months in the name of individual as well as company/unit
Proof of business address
Proof of income in case of self-employed professionals/businessmen
Audited/C.A. certified Balance Sheet and P&L accounts of last 2 years
How to Apply for SBI Home Loan OnlineProspective home loan borrowers can apply for an home loan online through the SBI YONO app or directly through the official website of the bank. They can also apply for SBI Home Loans through online financial marketplaces like Paisabazaar.com.
Through SBI YONO app - Applying for the SBI Home Loan through YONO App
Go to the SBI YONO app and click on the Hamburger icon.
Visit the loans menu and click on home loan
Check your eligible home loan amount by entering your date of birth, source of income, net monthly income and details of any other loan availed and proceed
Fill in the required details and click on submit
You will receive a call from an SBI executive
Through the SBI official website - Steps to Apply through the Website
Visit the official website of SBI Home Loan
Click on Apply online
Fill in the required details and get the eligible loan amount
Click on “Apply Now”
SBI Home Loan Customer Care/Grievance RedressalToll-free number - 1800112018
For reporting unauthorized electronic transactions:
1800111109 (Toll-free)
9449112211 (mobile number, toll-free)
080 - 2659 9990 (Toll number)
SBI Customer Care Email ID:
customercare@sbi.co.in
contactcentre@sbi.co.in
You can also text them by sending an SMS UNHAPPY to 8008202020 or Missed call Banking @ SBI Quick
Click on SBI Home Loan Customer Care/Grievance Matrix to know more about the customer care and grievance redressal process of SBI Home Loan.
SBI Home Loan Application StatusApplicants can check their SBI Home Loan application status through the official website of the State Bank of India. They can also check their home loan application status through its online SBI YONO app or SBI internet banking by logging into the account. They can also visit the SBI branches to know the status of their home loan application.
Process of checking home loan status through the official website of SBI:
Click on “Application Tracker”
Enter the reference number and mobile number
Click on “Track”
How Can I Apply for a Home Loan Online?Get up to ₹5 Crore in 5 Simple StepsStep 1: Enter your mobile number in the application form.Step 2: Verify using the OTP sent to your mobile number.Step 3: Enter details related to your loan requirements.Step 4: Provide your personal and employment details.Step 5: Compare offers and apply for the best-suited loan.Explore Our Home Loan LendersHDFC BANKAxis BankKotak Mahindra BankICICI BankFederal BankIDFC First BankIndusind BankRBL BankSBI BankView All PartnersGet a Home Loan ForYour Dream HomeFAQsSBI home loan interest rates start from 7.25% p.a. based on the credit profile of its home loan applicants.The applicant’s home loan eligibility depends upon the age, credit score, job profile, employer’s profile, monthly income, repayment capacity, etc.SBI uses a monthly reducing balance method to calculate the interest cost on home loans. Here, the interest is calculated on the outstanding principal amount after each EMI payment. The interest component in the home loan EMI is the highest in the initial years of loan tenure.SBI claims to take 3-10 working days on average to disburse home loans after the completion of the documentation process and other required procedures.Property insurance is not mandatory for SBI Home Loan. However, you can purchase property insurance through SBI General which covers private residences and protects them from unpredictable damage and disasters.Yes, you can foreclose your SBI Home Loan. As SBI offers home loans at floating interest rates, no foreclosure fee is levied on the applicants.SBI currently does not offer any concessions on home loan interest rates for women borrowers.You can reduce your SBI housing Loan interest rate by switching your home loan from a higher interest rate to a lower interest rate by paying a conversion fee to the lender. If the bank does not agree to reduce your interest rates, you can opt for a balance transfer facility wherein you can transfer your home loan from SBI to any other lender offering lower interest rates.SBI offers housing loan interest rates based type of home loan scheme applied for. Prospective home loan borrowers can also visit financial marketplaces like Paisabazaar.com to compare the interest rates offered by other lenders and opt for the lender offering the lowest interest rates.SBI Bank offers home loans at floating interest rates only.State Bank of India has not specified the cut-off credit score for home loan applicants. But lenders often prefer applicants to have a credit score of 750 and above to minimise their risk of lending.The change in the SBI Housing Loan interest rate is subject to the changes in the repo rate. However, the change in your home loan interest rate would further depend on the reset date of your existing home loan. The interest rates for existing SBI housing loan borrowers would change from the interest reset dates fixed for them. Till then, they would continue to repay their SBI housing loans at existing interest rates.SBI Housing Loan interest rate increases/decreases in accordance with the changes in the repo rate subject to the interest rate reset date set by the bank (in case of fresh home loan applicants) and the rate reset date set for the existing home loan borrowers.Lenders consider the repayment capacity of home loan applicants while evaluating their loan application and loan amount eligibility. Home loan lenders usually prefer lending to home loan applicants having total EMIs, including EMI of the proposed home loan, to be within 50-60% of their monthly income. Hence, home loan applicants can use an online home loan EMI calculator to find out the optimum home loan amount and tenure based on their repayment capacity.You can check the total interest cost through Paisabazaar’s online EMI calculator for home loans. You need to enter three data points including the required loan amount, interest rate and loan tenure into EMI calculators to determine the monthly EMI and total interest cost.Yes, SBI offers in-principal home loan approval based on the repayment capacity and income of the applicants. This helps you know how much funds the bank would make available to you which makes the entire process of identifying and purchasing the property easier.Yes, a prepayment penalty is funded for the SBI Housing Loan Balance Transfer. However, the loan amount eligibility of the balance transfer applicants will be determined on the basis of their monthly income, LTV ratio, EMI/NMI ratio, etc.Yes, you can apply jointly with your spouse. The salary of your spouse will be considered only if he/she becomes a co-applicant on the home loan. If your spouse is a co-owner of the property, then he/she has to become a co-applicant in the home loan.While the SBI sets its home loan interest rates based on its applicant’s CIBIL score, it has not specified the minimum CIBIL score required for availing home loans. However, lenders usually prefer home loan applications from individuals having a CIBIL score of 700 and above.Applicants having a minimum age of 18 years and a maximum age of 70 years are eligible for availing SBI Home Loan.SBI offers home loans for a maximum tenure of up to 30 years.SBI offers home loans to both resident as well as non-resident Indians with a minimum age criteria of 18 years. However, the maximum age for the SBI home loan applicants varies on the basis of the home loan schemes opted for. For example, the maximum age limit for the applicants of the SBI General Home Loan Scheme is 70 years whereas that of the SBI Shaurya Home Loan is 75 years. Additionally, the final eligibility for availing of SBI Home Loans would also depend on the job profile, employer’s profile, monthly income, repayment capacity, property features, etc. For non-salaried individuals, SBI would also consider the business vintage, net profit, existing credit facilities, etc of the business of which the loan applicant is the proprietor or one of the partners.You can download your SBI Home Loan statement either through the official website of SBI or through its SBI YONO app.Borrowers who have availed SBI home loans at floating interest rates would witness an increase/decrease in their home loan interest rates as per the changes in their linked benchmark interest rates, subject to their rate reset dates. Moreover, SBI also offers its floating rate home loan borrowers with regular account conduct to switch to the new interest rate structure, on payment of a one-time switch-over fee.Home loan borrowers can get their home loan interest certificate by logging into the Personal Banking section on retail.onlinesbi.sbi. or call toll free numbers 1800 1234 or 18002100 from their registered mobile number.Availing property insurance is mandatory for SBI home loan borrowers. The property purchased or constructed with the SBI home loans should be insured against risks such as fire, earthquakes, lightning, riots, floods, etc. The insurance should be in the joint names of both the borrower and the bank, covering the actual project cost (after deducting the cost of land, stamp duty, and registration charges). The borrower is responsible for the cost of the insurance.Apart from the monthly salary or annual income of a home loan applicant, lenders may also consider the applicant’s existing loan repayment liabilities, chosen loan tenure, age and other facets of his/her credit profile while setting the maximum eligible amount for a home loan. Additionally, your maximum home loan amount would also depend on whether the lender uses the EMI/NMI ratio or multiplier method or a combination of both to set the maximum eligible loan amount. As the SBI has not disclosed any information regarding the methodology used by it, you should check directly with the bank to know the maximum home loan amount that you can avail from the bank based on your salary and other facets of your credit profile.SBI has not disclosed special home loan interest rates for pensioners or senior citizens. The final interest rates offered to such applicants would depend on their credit score, monthly pension amount and other facets of their credit profile.Home Loan ArticlesJoint Home Loan BenefitsVandana Punj18 Jul 2025Factors to consider while availing joint home loanPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Top 5 Reasons for Home Loans RejectionsPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Home Loan Overdraft Facility: Benefits and Drawbacks ExplainedPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Home Loan Processing Fees and ChargesBhumika Khandelwal13 Oct 2024Home Loans: Floating vs Fixed Interest RatesRahul Misra01 Jun 2023Missed home loan EMI? What will be the consequences?Team PaisaBazaar18 May 20233 Tips to Help You Close Your Home Loan EarlyVandana Punj16 Apr 2023Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratio: Meaning, Importance and CalculationVandana Punj20 Feb 2023SBI Realty Home Loan: Interest rates, Eligibility, Documents, Fees & ChargesTeam PaisaBazaar20 Jul 2022View All ArticlesWhat our customers sayTime saving processOffice ke chalte jyada samay nahi nikal pata tha. Paisabazaar ke online process ki wajah se na hi mene banks ke rates compare karliye ghar bathe balki mera loan application aur disbursal bhi ghar bathe hi ho gaya...bank jana hi nahi pada...Pradeep SinghJan 7, 2026Kam rates pe loan milaPaisabazaar se mujhe bahut kam rate pe loan mil gaya...isse mere budget pe jada asar nahi pada aur jald hi mera apna ghar ho jayega..Nidhi SharmaJan 6, 2026eligibility check ho jati hai freeme home loan lene ka soch raha tha uske liye mene pehle paisabazaar app se free me apni eligibility check ki..usse mujhe pata chala muje kya cheeze improve karni hai aur fir mera loan jaldi approve ho gaya.Shikhar SahuJan 5, 2026Home loan mila yaahaan parMujhe home loan chahiye tha aur yahaan par sahayta kiya inhone aur loan mila. Pehla loan tha mera lekin sab ache se ho gaya.Prem Prakash PandeyDec 7, 2025Home loan hereI took home loan here and they helped me in every step specially in collecting and submitting documents at the time of approval.Chandan SinghDec 1, 2025Got the best home loan interest rateI was confused and did not have so much time to carry out all the research, so I logged in to Paisabazaar’s portal and was able to see the home loan options I was eligible for. With the assistance of Paisabazaar’s experts, I was able to find the home loan that offered the rate of interest I could afford. Thank you Paisabazaar!Anu BhatnagarSep 10, 2021Excellent Home Loan Service by PaisabazaarEnded up taking an ICICI Home Loan and I think it was one of the best decisions I ever made. I thank Paisabazaar for helping me out and answering my questions with so much patience.KJ ThomasSep 10, 2021Had a great experience with PaisabazaarI have always heard my friends talking about how tedious it was for them to avail a home loan and decide the most suitable option. But with the help of Paisabazaar, I was able to compare several home loans and opt for the one that suited my needs. I am happy that I considered Paisabazaar for helping me.Ritesh SharmaSep 10, 2021quick and easy home loan processI had never thought that applying for a home loan could be so easy. The entire process was online and I didn’t have to go anywhere for application or documentation of my home loan. Paisabazaar experts helped me navigate through the process and later the bank collected my documents and everything was quick and seamless.Rupanjali MishraSep 3, 2021Satisfied experience with PaisabazaarI am satisfied with my home loan experience with Paisabazaar. I could easily compare different home loan options and apply for the home loan. Their customer care team also called me to confirm all the details and soon after the bank contacted to take the process forward. The process was really smooth.Soumil KhannaSep 3, 2021View All TestimonialsWritten BySumit KumarReviewed ByShamik GhoshPaisabazaar is a loan aggregator and is authorized to provide services on behalf of its partners*Applicable for selected customersCheck Handpicked Home Loan Offers At Affordable Rates