Axis Bank Home LoanAxis Bank offers home loans at interest rates starting from 8.00% p.a. onwards for tenures of up to 30 yearsand for loan amounts of up to Rs 5 crore. It also offers home loans for affordable housing and special home loan products offering reducing EMIs, EMI waivers, home loan overdraft facility and home loans with fixed interest rates....Axis Bank offers home loans at interest rates starting from 8.00% p.a. onwards for tenures of up to 30 years and for loan amounts of up to Rs 5 crore. It also offers home loans for affordable housing and special home loan products offering reducing EMIs, EMI waivers, home loan overdraft facility and home loans with fixed interest rates.Competitive Interest RatesStarting 8.00% p.a.Handpicked Home Loan OffersOffers from 25+ Banks & HFCsDedicated Customer SupportExpert Assistance at Every StepTransfer Balance & Get a Top-Up EasilyAdditional Funds when RequiredGoogle Play Store4.5/515.5L Reviews5.7cr+Satisfied Customers65+Lending Partners₹65k Cr+Loans DisbursedGet Home Loan
Lowest interest rates starting from
7.1%
By submitting this form, you have read and agree to the Credit Report Terms of Use, Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Google Play Store4.5/515.5L Reviews5.7cr+Satisfied Customers65+Lending Partners₹65k Cr+Loans DisbursedCompetitive Interest RatesStarting 8.00% p.a.Handpicked Home Loan OffersOffers from 25+ Banks & HFCsDedicated Customer SupportExpert Assistance at Every StepTransfer Balance & Get a Top-Up EasilyAdditional Funds when RequiredHome Loan EMI CalculatorAmount₹₹50 L₹80 L₹100 L₹500 L₹1000 LAmount₹50 L₹80 L₹1 Cr₹5 Cr₹10 Cr₹50K15CrRate of Interest(Per Annum)%6%30%Tenure1Y 30YYour Monthly EMI Payment₹0Principal Amount₹0Interest Amount₹0Total Amount₹0Find Best Home Loan OffersSort by:HDFC BankMin Loan Amt. ₹15LRate of Interest7.2% - 13.2%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 10,000ICICI BankMin Loan Amt. ₹15LRate of Interest7.65% - 9.80%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 10,000Axis BankMin Loan Amt. ₹30LRate of Interest8.35% - 11.90%Tenure uptoUpto 30 YearsProcessing Fee₹ 14,000 Quick LinksHighlightsInterest RatesComparison TableFees and ChargesTypesEligibility CriteriaDocuments RequiredStatementCustomer CareHow to ApplyHome Loan ProcessDo's and Dont'sFAQsWhy Choose Paisabazaar?Compare & Choose the Best OfferCurated Offers from Multiple LendersHighest Loan Approval ChancesEasy & Transparent Borrowing ProcessHow Can I Apply for a Home Loan Online?Get up to ₹5 Crore in 5 Simple StepsStep 1: Enter your mobile number in the application form.Step 2: Verify using the OTP sent to your mobile number.Step 3: Enter details related to your loan requirements.Step 4: Provide your personal and employment details.Step 5: Compare offers and apply for the best-suited loan.Axis Bank Home Loan Highlights
Particulars
Details
Interest Rate
8.00% - 11.90% p.a.
Loan Amount
Rs. 1 lakh – Rs. 5 crore
Loan Tenure
Up to 30 years
Processing Charges
Up to 1% (Min. of Rs. 10,000) + GST
As updated on 4th February 2026
Axis Bank Home Loan Interest RatesAxis Bank home loan interest rates start from 8.00% p.a. The lender also offers fixed interest rates starting @ 14% p.a. onwards. The bank offers interest rates depending on the CIBIL score, job profile, customer's credit profile and other risk factors.
Comparison of Axis Bank Home Loan Interest rates with Other Lenders
Name of Lender
Interest Rates
Bajaj Housing Finance
7.15% p.a.
Bank of India
7.10% p.a.
Canara Bank
7.15% p.a.
Easy Home Finance
8.99% p.a.
Federal Bank
8.75% p.a.
Godrej Housing Finance
7.60% p.a.
HDFC Bank
7.20%* p.a.
HDFC Sales Pvt. Ltd.
7.20%* p.a.
Home First Finance
8.00% p.a.
ICICI Bank
7.45% p.a.
IDBI Bank
7.35% p.a.
IDFC FIRST Bank
8.85% p.a.
India Shelter Home Loan
8.43% p.a.
Jio Housing Finance
8.20% p.a.
L&T Finance Limited
7.65%* p.a.
Piramal Capital Housing Finance
9.99% p.a.
PNB Housing Finance
7.50%* p.a.
Punjab & Sind Bank
7.30% p.a.
Punjab National Bank
7.20% p.a.
RBL Bank
8.20% p.a.
Sammaan Capital (Formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance)
8.75% p.a.
Shubham Housing Finance
10.45% p.a.
State Bank of India
7.25% p.a.
Tata Capital Housing Finance
7.50% p.a.
*when applied through Paisabazaar
Rates as of 4th February 2026
Axis Bank Home Loan Processing Fees & Charges
Particulars
Applicable charges (exclusive of GST)
Processing Charges
Up to 1% of the loan amount, subject to a minimum of Rs. 10,000
An upfront processing fee of Rs. 5,000 is charged at the time of loan application submission
Prepayment Charges including part prepayment for floating rate loan
Nil
Prepayment Charges for a fixed-rate loan
2% of the principal outstanding
Admin Charges
NIL
Penal Interest Rate
8% p.a. above the applicable interest rate on the overdue amount (Max. 24% per instance)
Switching Fees (Floating Rate to Fixed Rate)
1% on the outstanding principal with a minimum of Rs. 10,000
Switching Fees (Fixed Rate to Floating Rate)
2% on the outstanding principal amount
Switching Fees (From the Higher Fixed Rate to Lower Fixed Rate)
0.5% on the outstanding principal with a minimum of Rs. 10,000
Repayment Instruction/Instrument Return
Rs. 339 per instance
Cheque/Instrument Swap Charges
Rs. 500 per instance
Duplicate Statement Issuance Charges
Rs. 250 per instance
Duplicate Amortization Schedule Issuance Charges
Rs. 250 per instance
Duplicate Interest Certificate (Provisional/Actual) Issuance Charges
Rs. 50 per instance
CERSAI charges
For loans up to Rs. 5 lakh – Rs. 50;
For loans above Rs. 5 lakh – Rs. 100
Get a Home Loan ForYour Dream HomeTypes of Axis Bank Home LoanAxis Bank Housing Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank offers a regular home loan scheme to Resident Indians and NRIs for purchasing/constructing/renovating houses.
Loan Amount: Rs. 3 lakh - Rs. 5 crore
LTV Ratio:
Particulars
Details
Loan amount up to Rs. 30 lakh
Up to 90% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 30 lakh - 75 lakh
Up to 80% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 75 lakh
Up to 75% of property cost
Tenure: Up to 30 years
Axis Bank QuikPay Home Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank QuikPay Home Loan allows borrowers to repay higher principal amounts earlier in the loan tenure. Thus, the EMIs reduce every month and the borrowers can save huge on the interest payout.
Loan Amount: Minimum Rs. 3 lakh
LTV Ratio:
Particulars
Details
Loan amount up to Rs. 30 lakh
Up to 90% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 30 lakh - 75 lakh
Up to 80% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 75 lakh
Up to 75% of property cost
Tenure: Up to 30 years
Axis Bank Shubh Aarambh Home Loan
Purpose: Consumers can avail Shubh Aarambh Home Loan from Axis Bank for purchasing an under-construction/ready/resale home. This loan facility can also be availed for purchasing a plot plus construction thereon, self-construction of a home on an already owned plot and for making home extensions/improvements.
Shubh Aarambh Home Loan borrowers maintaining a clean track record of repayments are offered 12 EMI waivers – 4 EMIs each waived off at the end of the 4th, 8th and 12th year of the loan tenure. The repayment track record states that there should be no more than 3 instances of dues remaining unpaid for 30 days or more. The dues should not be overdue for more than 90 days at any point during the long tenure. Borrowers can also part prepay their Shubh Aarambh home loans as long as the tenure does not fall below 4 years.
Existing home loan borrowers of other lenders can exercise the home loan balance transfer facility to avail Shubh Aarambh Home Loan scheme.
Loan Amount: Up to Rs. 30 lakh
Tenure:
Minimum Tenure: 20 years at the time of loan disbursement
Maximum Tenure: Up to 30 years
Axis Bank Fast Forward Home Loan
Purpose: Prospective home loan borrowers can avail Axis Bank Fast Forward Home Loan for purchasing an under construction/ready/resale home, plot plus construction, self-construction, or home extension/improvement.
Axis Fast Forward Home loan comes with 12 EMI waivers, with 6 EMIs waived off at the end of 10 years and another 6 months on completion of 15 years provided the borrowers have a clean repayment track record. The repayment track record states that there should be no more than 3 instances of dues remaining unpaid for 30 days or more.
The dues should not be overdue for more than 90 days at any point during the long tenure.
Borrowers can also part prepay their home loans as long as the tenure does not fall below 10 years. This loan facility is also available to existing home loan borrowers of other lenders planning to avail home loan balance transfer facility.
Loan Amount: Minimum Rs. 30 lakh
Tenure:
Minimum Tenure: 20 years at the time of loan disbursement
Maximum Tenure: Up to 30 years
LTV Ratio:
Particulars
Details
Loan amount from Rs. 30 lakh - 75 lakh
Up to 80% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 75 lakh
Up to 75% of property cost
Axis Bank Asha Home Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank offers an affordable home loan scheme branded as Asha Home Loans to applicants having a minimum combined family income of Rs. 8,000 per month to finance the purchase of ready/under construction/resale homes, repair/extension of existing property, self-construction of home and plot purchase plus home construction.
Axis Bank Asha Home Loan also comes with a waiver of 12 EMIs with 4 EMIs waived off at the end of the 4th year, 8th year and 12th year of the loan tenure. The borrowers availing Asha Home Loan scheme should have a clear repayment history i.e., there should be no more than 3 instances of dues remaining unpaid for 30 days or more. The dues should not be overdue for more than 90 days at any point during the long tenure. The home loan can also be part prepaid as long as the tenure does not fall below 4 years.
Loan Amount: Rs. 1 lakh – Rs. 35 lakh
LTV Ratio: Up to 90% of property cost (on loan amount up to Rs. 30 lakh)
Tenure:
Minimum Tenure: 20 years at the time of loan disbursement
Maximum Tenure: Up to 30 years
Axis Bank Super Saver Home Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank Super Saver Home Loan is a home loan overdraft facility wherein the applicants can deposit surplus funds in the linked overdraft account and withdraw money whenever needed within the pre-determined limit.
Loan Amount: Rs. 10 lakh – Rs. 5 crore
Tenure: Up to 20 years (plus 2 years moratorium period for partially disbursed loans)
LTV Ratio:
Particulars
Details
Loan amount Up to Rs. 30 lakh
Up to 90% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 30 lakh - 75 lakh
Up to 80% of property cost
Loan amount above Rs. 75 lakh
Up to 75% of property cost
Axis Bank Home Loan Balance Transfer
Purpose: Axis Bank offers a Home Loan Balance Transfer facility wherein the existing home loan borrower can transfer the outstanding loan amount of their existing home loan to Axis Bank at the lower interest rate and/or for longer tenures.
Loan Amount: Up to Rs. 50 lakh
Tenure: Same as the outstanding home loan tenure
Axis Bank Top-up Home Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank Top-up Home Loan is offered to existing home loan customers and to home loan balance transfer customers requiring additional finances for personal/business requirements or for construction of residential/commercial property.
Loan Amount: Up to Rs. 50 lakh
Tenure: Same as the outstanding home loan tenure
Axis Bank 24*7 Top-up Home Loan
Purpose: Axis Bank 24*7 Top-up Home Loan is a pre-approved loan offered to existing home loan customers without providing any additional collateral. The loan proceeds can be used for meeting personal or business requirements. The bank claims to disburse the loan instantly into the borrower’s account, where their existing home loan was disbursed.
Loan Amount: Rs. 20,000 – Rs. 25 lakh
Tenure: Up to 7 years or residual loan tenure, whichever is lower.
Axis Bank Home Loan Eligibility CriteriaThe eligibility criteria to apply for Axis Bank home are as follows:
Axis Bank Home Loan Eligibility for Salaried
The applicant should have a permanent service in a government or a reputed private sector organisation.
The minimum age of the applicant should be above 21 years at the time of loan commencement.
The maximum age of the applicant can be 65 years or the age of retirement.
Axis Bank Home Loan Eligibility for Professionals
Professionals such as doctors, dentists, architects, engineers, cost accountants, company secretaries, chartered accountants, and management consultants are eligible to apply for a home loan.
The age of the applicant should be between 21 years to 65 years.
Also Read: Home Loan Eligibility Criteria for Top 10 Banks and HFCs
Axis Bank Home Loan Eligibility for Self-Employed
Any individual filing income tax returns can apply for Axis Bank Home Loans.
The minimum age of the applicant should be above 21 years at the time of loan commencement.
The maximum age of the applicant at the time of loan maturity should be 65 years.
Axis Bank Home Loan Eligibility for Top-up Loan
NRI and Resident Indians are eligible for top-up loans.
Existing home loan borrowers can avail top-up loans after 6 months of clear repayment.
Not more than 1 EMI bounce in the last 1 year which should have been cleared before the next EMI date.
For a top-up loan with a balance transfer, 1 year clear repayment history is required.
Can be extended only against complete residential property with no pending post disbursal documentation.
In the case of NRI borrowers, the property must be owned either singly by the borrower or in joint ownership.
In addition to the above-mentioned Axis Bank home loan eligibility criteria, the lender may also consider factors like credit score, monthly income and EMI/NMI ratio for evaluating the home loan eligibility of applicants.
Documents Required for Axis Bank Home LoanThe list of important documents required for a home loan is given below:
Application Form – Duly filled application form
ID Proof – Aadhaar card, passport, government employee ID, voter ID, driving license, photo ID issued by Government of India
Address proof – Aadhaar card, passport, government employee ID, voter ID, driving license, photo ID issued by the Government of India, electricity bill, telephone bill, gas bill, property tax receipt
Date of Birth Proof – Passport, PAN Card, Aadhaar card, Birth certificate, SSC Marksheet
Signature Proof – Passport, PAN Card, Banker’s verification, Notarized affidavit with address and ID proof
Income Proof for Salaried:
Pay slip for 3 months
2 years bonus proof or pay slip for 6 months
Bank statement for 6 month reflecting salary credits
Form 16 for 2 years
Income Proof for NRI (Salaried):
Pay slip for 3 months
Contract letter/appointment letter
Passport Copy
Valid VISA copy
Overseas credit report
Continuous Discharge Certificate for shipping cases
International salary account statement for 6 months
Domestic/NRE/NRO account statement for 6 months
Income Proof for Self-Employed:
ITR, income computation, P&L, balance sheet with CA seal and sign for 2 years (For Asha Home Loan- ITR, income computation, P&L, balance sheet with CA seal and sign for 1 year)
Bank statement for personal and business accounts for 6 months
Business continuity proof for 3 years
Tax paid challan and CPC if ITR is filed with no digital signatures
Tax Audit Report (If gross turnover exceeds Rs 1 crore or gross receipt exceeds Rs 25 lakh)
For Balance Transfer/Loan Takeover from Other Bank/Financial Institution:
Loan account statement for 12 months with recent outstanding letter
Details of current loan and bank statement for 6 months with EMI deduction details
Also Read: Axis Bank Home Loan Status
Axis Bank Home Loan StatementAxis Home Loan Statement provides a summary of home loan account entries like part prepayment, EMI payment, charges incurred, etc. Borrowers of Axis Bank Home Loan can use the statement to claim tax deductions on home loans. Borrowers can download their Axis Bank home loan statement by logging into Axis Bank’s official website, using internet banking, or through the Axis Bank mobile app (Axis Mobile/open by Axis Bank). Borrowers can also get their statement through Whatsapp banking by sending ‘Hi’ to 7036165000.
Borrowers can also call at 1800 103 5577 (toll-free) or 1860 419 5555 / 1860 500 5555 (charges apply) to inquire about their home loan statement or visit any Axis Bank loan center or branch.
Axis Bank Home Loan Customer Care/Grievance RedressalContact details:
1860-419-5555
1860-500-5555
Toll-free Number: 1-800-103-5577
Click on Axis Bank Home Loan Customer Care/Grievance Matrix to know more about the customer care and grievance redressal process of Axis Bank Home Loan.
How to Apply for an Axis Bank Home LoanThe applicants can apply for an Axis Bank Home Loan in the following steps:
Prospective home loan applicants can visit the official website of Axis Bank and fill in the home loan application form available online. They can also visit an Axis Bank branch or loan center to apply for an Axis Bank Home Loan.
The applicant has to submit the KYC and property documents.
The lender would then evaluate the loan application based on the documents submitted by the applicant and his credit profile. The lender may also conduct a physical verification of the property while processing the loan application.
Axis Bank Home Loan ProcessAxis Bank Home Loan process can be explained in the following steps:
Pay the processing fees to begin with the evaluation of the application.
The bank then reviews your financial profile based on the information provided.
Submit the required home loan documents with the lender.
The bank then evaluates the loan application as per their credit policies.
The bank issues the sanction letter after approval mentioning the loan specifications.
The lender inspects the property for legal and valuation compliance.
The loan is finally disbursed on positive verification.
How Can I Apply for a Home Loan Online?Get up to ₹5 Crore in 5 Simple StepsStep 1: Enter your mobile number in the application form.Step 2: Verify using the OTP sent to your mobile number.Step 3: Enter details related to your loan requirements.Step 4: Provide your personal and employment details.Step 5: Compare offers and apply for the best-suited loan.Explore Our Home Loan LendersHDFC BANKAxis BankKotak Mahindra BankICICI BankFederal BankIDFC First BankIndusind BankRBL BankSBI BankView All PartnersGet a Home Loan ForYour Dream HomeFAQsAxis Bank home loan interest rates starting from 8.00% p.a. onwards.The home loan eligibility depends upon the income, age, credit score, number of dependents, asset and liabilities, occupation stability and continuity of home loan applicants.Yes, your Axis Bank Home Loan interest rates can be converted from fixed to floating rates and vice versa, at mutually acceptable terms with the bank. However, the bank would levy a conversion fee of 2% of the outstanding loan amount.Yes, you can convert your Axis Bank Home Loan interest rates from floating to fixed rates. However, the bank would levy a conversion fee of 1% of the outstanding loan amount.Axis Bank offers home loans at both fixed and floating rates of interest. Hence, the applicants can choose between the two.Yes, salaried individuals are eligible for all the home loan schemes offered by Axis Bank, provided they meet the various eligibility conditions set by the lender. However, salaried applicants need to select the home loan scheme based on how the features of the home loan scheme suit their requirements.The floating interest rate for your home loan would change when the underlying benchmark rate of your home loan, like the MCLR, Base Rate, Prime Lending Rate, Reference Rate or external benchmarks like repo, T-Bill, etc. undergoes any change. However, the exact date of the rate change would depend on the rate reset date frequency set by the lender and the rate reset date set for your home loan.Axis Bank charges a switching fee of 1% on the outstanding principal with a minimum of Rs 1,000 to change the home loan interest rates of existing home loan borrowers from floating to fixed. For changing home loans from fixed rates to floating rates, a fee of 2% on the outstanding principal is charged by the bank.Yes, you can prepay your Axis Bank Home Loan subject to prepayment charges of 2% on the outstanding principal for a fixed rate of interest. No prepayment charges are levied on the applicants for prepayment of home loans offered at a floating rate of interest.Existing home loan borrowers of Axis Bank can reduce their interest rates by switching from higher fixed interest rates to lower fixed interest rates by paying a switching fee of 2% on the outstanding principal. In the case of floating-rate home loans, the interest rates can be reduced from higher to lower by paying a switching fee ranging between Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000 as per the loan amount.In addition to availing Axis Bank Home Loan for the purchase or construction of new properties, you can also avail home loan from Axis Bank for carrying out improvements or extensions to your existing property. Applicants can also avail various home loan variants of Axis Bank such as QuikPay Home Loan, Shubh Aarambh Home Loan, Fast Forward Home Loan, Asha Home Loan and Power Advantage Home Loan for making improvements and extensions to their existing properties.Yes, it is mandatory to have a co-applicant for Axis Bank Home Loan. The co-owner of the property should be the co-applicant of the home loan. If there is no co-owner, any member of the immediate family can be the co-applicant.Axis Bank has not specified a cut-off credit score for its home loan applicants. However, credit scores of 700 and above usually increase the chances of availing home loans. A higher credit score can also help you to avail home loan at lower interest rates.Axis Bank Home Loan applicants can switch from a higher rate of interest to a lower rate of interest with a nominal switching fee.Axis Bank has not mentioned the facility of tenure increase option for reducing the home loan EMI. However, many lenders allow their existing home loan borrowers to increase their loan tenure in case of financial hardships. This is because the request for tenure increase is considered loan restructuring, which is considered to be a negative credit event by the credit bureaus.You can Axis Bank Home Loan status through the official website of Axis Bank or through Axis Bank mobile app, opened by Axis Bank. You can also visit the Axis Bank branch to know the status of your Axis Bank Home Loan.As per Axis Bank’s approved policy with effect from 1st January 2024, you can switch over from floating to fixed rate home loan and vice versa 3 times during the loan tenure.Axis Bank returns the property documents within 15 days from the date of complete repayment of Axis Bank Home Loan.Axis Bank has not disclosed whether purchasing home loan insurance is mandatory for the home loan or not.It is not mandatory to purchase property insurance through Axis Bank for availing Axis Bank Home Loan.Axis Bank Home Loan provisional certificate provides the complete details of the principal and interest components of your repayments for the current financial year. A home loan provisional certificate contains the borrower’s details, home loan account number, EMI dates, loan repayment details, home loan interest rate information, principal adjustments, payment updates, missed payments and part-payment details.Axis Bank home loan borrowers can get their home loan interest certificate online by logging into the Axis Mobile app. Simply tap on Services and then select Loans to access the option to download or email the interest certificate. Alternatively, borrowers can also download their home loan interest certificate through Axis Bank’s internet banking.Axis Bank charges a processing fee on home loans of up to 1% of the loan amount, with a minimum fee of Rs. 10,000. The bank collects an upfront processing fee of Rs. 5,000 at the time of application submission, with the remaining balance collected at the time of loan disbursement.Borrowers can download their Axis Bank home loan statement by logging into the Axis Mobile app or through Axis Bank internet banking or the Axis Bank website. Alternatively, borrowers can call 1800 103 5577 (toll-free) or 1860 419 5555 / 1860 500 5555 (charges apply) to inquire about their home loan statement or visit any Axis Bank loan center or branch.You can check your outstanding balance on your Axis Bank home loan account by downloading your Axis Bank home loan statement, by sending ‘Hi’ on Axis WhatsApp Banking Number (+91 70361 65000) using your registered mobile number, through mobile banking (Axis Mobile) or through internet banking.Home loan borrowers of Axis Bank have to sign a NACH/SI debit mandate with a signed cancelled cheque to authorise Axis Bank to deduct the home loan EMI every month on a particular date from the linked savings account.Home Loan ArticlesJoint Home Loan BenefitsVandana Punj18 Jul 2025Factors to consider while availing joint home loanPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Top 5 Reasons for Home Loans RejectionsPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Home Loan Overdraft Facility: Benefits and Drawbacks ExplainedPaisabazaar02 Jun 2025Home Loan Processing Fees and ChargesBhumika Khandelwal13 Oct 2024Home Loans: Floating vs Fixed Interest RatesRahul Misra01 Jun 2023Missed home loan EMI? What will be the consequences?Team PaisaBazaar18 May 20233 Tips to Help You Close Your Home Loan EarlyVandana Punj16 Apr 2023Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratio: Meaning, Importance and CalculationVandana Punj20 Feb 2023SBI Realty Home Loan: Interest rates, Eligibility, Documents, Fees & ChargesTeam PaisaBazaar20 Jul 2022View All ArticlesWhat our customers sayTime saving processOffice ke chalte jyada samay nahi nikal pata tha. Paisabazaar ke online process ki wajah se na hi mene banks ke rates compare karliye ghar bathe balki mera loan application aur disbursal bhi ghar bathe hi ho gaya...bank jana hi nahi pada...Pradeep SinghJan 7, 2026Kam rates pe loan milaPaisabazaar se mujhe bahut kam rate pe loan mil gaya...isse mere budget pe jada asar nahi pada aur jald hi mera apna ghar ho jayega..Nidhi SharmaJan 6, 2026eligibility check ho jati hai freeme home loan lene ka soch raha tha uske liye mene pehle paisabazaar app se free me apni eligibility check ki..usse mujhe pata chala muje kya cheeze improve karni hai aur fir mera loan jaldi approve ho gaya.Shikhar SahuJan 5, 2026Home loan mila yaahaan parMujhe home loan chahiye tha aur yahaan par sahayta kiya inhone aur loan mila. Pehla loan tha mera lekin sab ache se ho gaya.Prem Prakash PandeyDec 7, 2025Home loan hereI took home loan here and they helped me in every step specially in collecting and submitting documents at the time of approval.Chandan SinghDec 1, 2025Got the best home loan interest rateI was confused and did not have so much time to carry out all the research, so I logged in to Paisabazaar’s portal and was able to see the home loan options I was eligible for. With the assistance of Paisabazaar’s experts, I was able to find the home loan that offered the rate of interest I could afford. Thank you Paisabazaar!Anu BhatnagarSep 10, 2021Excellent Home Loan Service by PaisabazaarEnded up taking an ICICI Home Loan and I think it was one of the best decisions I ever made. I thank Paisabazaar for helping me out and answering my questions with so much patience.KJ ThomasSep 10, 2021Had a great experience with PaisabazaarI have always heard my friends talking about how tedious it was for them to avail a home loan and decide the most suitable option. But with the help of Paisabazaar, I was able to compare several home loans and opt for the one that suited my needs. I am happy that I considered Paisabazaar for helping me.Ritesh SharmaSep 10, 2021quick and easy home loan processI had never thought that applying for a home loan could be so easy. The entire process was online and I didn’t have to go anywhere for application or documentation of my home loan. Paisabazaar experts helped me navigate through the process and later the bank collected my documents and everything was quick and seamless.Rupanjali MishraSep 3, 2021Satisfied experience with PaisabazaarI am satisfied with my home loan experience with Paisabazaar. I could easily compare different home loan options and apply for the home loan. Their customer care team also called me to confirm all the details and soon after the bank contacted to take the process forward. The process was really smooth.Soumil KhannaSep 3, 2021View All TestimonialsWritten BySumit KumarReviewed ByShamik GhoshPaisabazaar is a loan aggregator and is authorized to provide services on behalf of its partners*Applicable for selected customersCheck Handpicked Home Loan Offers At Affordable Rates