Bandhan Bank Home LoanHome Bandhan Bank Home Loan
Bandhan Bank offers home loans @8.41% p.a. onwards for loan amounts of up to 90% of the property cost for tenures of up to 30 years. It also offers customized home loans to micro-banking borrowers (both salaried and non-salaried) for the construction of pucca and semi-pucca houses.
Check Exclusive Home Loan Offers
Get Competitive Interest Rates
Compare 30+ Banks & Housing Finance Companies
Transfer Your Balance & Get a Top-Up Easily
Updated: 10-09-2025 13:03:40 PM
Disclaimer: Bandhan Bank is not a Paisabazaar partner and all content herein is strictly informative in nature. Paisabazaar is not affiliated with, sponsored by or in any way connected to Bandhan Bank for home loans. No offers/services from Bandhan Bank are being provided by Paisabazaar for home loans. For further information about Bandhan Bank for home loans, users are required to reach out directly to Bandhan Bank.
Bandhan Bank Home Loan Highlights
Interest Rate
8.41%- 15.00% p.a.
LTV Ratio (Loan Amount)
Up to 90% of the property cost
Tenure
1- 30 years
Processing Fees
Up to 1%
Note: Last updated on 10 September 2025
Check Lenders Offering Home Loan at Attractive Interest Rates
Click Here
Table of Contents
Interest Rates
Compare interest rates offered by other lenders
Fees and Charges
Types of Bandhan Bank Home Loan
Eligibility Criteria
Documents Required
EMI Calculator
FAQs
Bandhan Bank Home Loan Interest Rates
Bandhan Bank Home Loan interest rates start from 8.41% p.a. While the lender has not disclosed its differential interest rates, it may consider the monthly income, job profile, employer’s profile, credit score, etc. of its home loan applicants while setting their home loan interest rates, just like other lenders do.
Types of Home Loans
Interest Rates (p.a.)
Suraksha Home Loan
8.41%-12.58%
Sajavat Home Loan
8.41%-12.58%
Su-awas Home Loan
13.00%-15.00%
Suvidha Home Loan
8.41%-12.58%
Compare Home Loan Interest Rates for Top Banks & HFCs
Name of LenderLoans of Up to Rs. 30 Lakh
Bank of India7.10% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
State Bank of India7.25% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Punjab National Bank7.20% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Canara Bank7.15% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
HDFC Bank7.90% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Bajaj Housing Finance7.40% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
ICICI Bank7.65% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Axis Bank*8.25% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Federal Bank*7.90% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Kotak Mahindra Bank7.70% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
IDFC FIRST Bank8.85% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
IDBI Bank7.35% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
RBL Bank8.20% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Tata Capital Housing Finance7.75% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
PNB Housing Finance*7.20% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Sammaan Capital
(Formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance)8.75% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
India Shelter Home Loan8.43% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
L&T Finance Limited*8.40% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Godrej Housing Finance7.75% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Home First Finance8.00% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Easy Home Finance8.99% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Piramal Capital Housing Finance*8.25% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Shubham Housing Finance10.45% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Punjab & Sind Bank7.30% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Jio Housing Finance8.20% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
HDFC Sales Pvt Ltd7.90% p.a. onwardsCheck Eligibility
Compare Home Loan Schemes Offered by Top Lenders
Compare Now
Bandhan Bank Home Loan Fees and Charges
Description
Charges
Login Fees
Rs 3,500 + GST
Processing Fees
Up to 1%
Administrative Fees
0.25% – 2.00% + GST
Pre-payment Charges on Fixed Rate of Interest
For loans repaid less than 12 months- 4% of outstanding principal + GST
For loans repaid more than 12 months: 2% of outstanding principal + GST  for loans repaid after 12 months
For cases disbursed under Erstwhile Gruh subject to submission of documentary proof of own source of funds- NIL
Pre-payment Charges on Floating Rate of Interest
If the applicant and co-applicant are individuals- NIL
For one or more non-individual applicants- 2% + GST
Rate of Interest Conversion Charges
0.50%-1.25 % of the outstanding balance
depending on the options exercised for PLR linked loans.
Rs 3,000 for EBR conversion
Charges for Cheque Bounce
Rs 500 + GST
Penal Charges (late payment of EMIs, etc)
2% of the overdue amount
Account Statement
Provided free of cost once annually; Rs 100 + GST for subsequent requests
Income Tax Certificate
Provided once annually free of cost; Rs 30 + GST for subsequent requests
CERSAI Charges
For creation: Rs 100 + GST;
For satisfaction: NIL
CIC Charges
Rs 150 per individual + GST
Valuation Report Charges
As per actual but not exceeding Rs 5,000 per property being offered as security to Bank
Technical Inspection Charges
For Subsequent Inspection during phase wise disbursement
a) Rs 250 per visit for local + GST; and
b) Rs 350 per outstation + GST
Search Report and TCC Charges
Maximum Rs 5,000 per property offered as security to the bank
Charges for registration of mortgage and release of charges
On actual
Copy of Property Documents
Rs 500 + GST
Stamp duty and Statutory Charges
At actuals as per applicable state laws
Miscellaneous/Legal Charges
At actuals
List of Documents
Rs 250
Also know about processing fees for home loans charged by top lenders.
Types of Bandhan Bank Home Loans
Suraksha Home Loan
Purpose: Regular home loan scheme for purchase/extension/construction of the house.
LTV Ratio: Up to 90% of the cost of property
Tenure: 1- 30 years
Sajavat Home Loan
Purpose: Home loan for renovation and repair of existing house such as plumbing, painting, re-laying the roof, etc.
LTV Ratio: Up to 80% of the cost of repair work
Tenure: 1- 15 years
Su-awas Home Loan
Purpose: For the construction of pakka/semi-pakka houses, exclusively for existing micro-banking borrowers who have completed at least 1 cycle of their loan. The scheme is offered to both salaried and non-salaried individuals.
Tenure: 2-10 years
Loan Amount: Rs 1 lakh to Rs 10 lakh
Su-awas Saral Home Loan
Purpose: For self-construction on non-homestead lands.
Tenure: 2-10 years
Loan Amount: Rs 1 lakh to Rs 7 lakh
Suniwas Home Loan
Purpose: For the home extension to Su-awas customers and Su-awas Saral customers only.
Loan Amount: Rs 50,000 to Rs 5 lakh
Suvidha Home Loan
Purpose: Home loan for construction, purchase and extension of house offered to applicants having no formal income proof.
LTV Ratio: Up to 90% of property cost
Tenure: 1-30 years
Check Lenders Offering Home Loan With Overdraft Facility
Click Here
Eligibility Criteria for Bandhan Bank Home Loan
For Suraksha/Sajavat/Suvidha Home Loan
Age: Minimum – 21 years; Maximum – 75 years at the time of maturity or retirement age, whichever is earlier.
Surplus income or monthly disposable income is taken into consideration.
For Su-awas Home Loan
Micro-banking borrowers with a minimum of 1 complete cycle of the loan.
Bandhan Bank may also check credit score and monthly income of its applicants, just like other home loan lenders do while setting their home loan eligibility.
Documents Required for Bandhan Bank Home Loan
Documentation for Suraksha/Sajavat/Suvidha Home Loan
For Salaried Borrowers
Completely filled the loan application form with a recent photograph
Photo ID proof, address proof, age proof for KYC
Completely filled customer relationship form with recent photograph attached
Cheque with applicable processing charges
Salary slips for the last 3 months
Recent PF statement
Form 16 provided by the employer
Last 3 years ITR copies
Photocopy of investments and life insurance policies
Copy of bank passbook for all the bank accounts showing entries for the last 3 months
Credit card photocopy with last monthly statement
In case other loans are availed; open or closed:
Sanction letter copy
No dues certificate for closed loans
Updated repayment history
In case of no salary slips, a salary certificate is required on the employer’s letterhead with signatures and a stamp
Copy of rent agreement is present accommodation is on rent
Visiting card
For Self-employed Borrowers
Complete the application form with a recent photograph
KYC documents
Customer Relationship Form
Cheque with applicable processing charges
Copy of ITR for past 3 years
Copy of certified accounts or audited accounts with schedules for the last three financial years
Business note (in bank format) with images of business place
Investment and life insurance policies photocopy
Copy of bank passbooks of all the bank accounts for the last 6 months
Rent agreement of the place of business, if it is on rent
Shop and establishment license for the commercial entity
Copy of professional degree/certificate
Visiting card
Shareholding pattern or partnership deed of your entity
Additional Legal and Technical Documents
Approved construction plan with the estimate, construction permission, and layout plan
Ownership document copy of the previous owner
Copy of sale deed/construction agreement/sell agreement/amenities agreement
Recent images of the property
Ownership proof in revenue records, i.e., Form-6, property card, Form 8-A, Form 7/12
Receipts of margin money paid
Copy of allotment letter and share certificate in case of co-operative society
NA permission from the concerned authority
NOC to mortgage from a concerned authority like development authority/society
Documentation for Su-awas Home Loan
For Salaried Borrowers
Filled application form
Photo ID proof, age proof, address proof for KYC
Last 3 months salary slips
Form 16
Copy of bank passbook for all bank accounts having entries for the last 6 months
In the case of other loans, active as well as closed:
Sanction letter copy
Updated repayment record
No dues for closed loans
Salary certificate in case of no salary slips
Copy of rent agreement
For Self-employed Borrowers
Application form
KYC documents
Any one of the following:
Cash flow statement and last 1 year’s ITR statement or verification by local authorities such as Municipality of Panchayat
ITR for the last 2 years with income computation for both years (if eligibility is calculated based on ITR income)
Self-declared income statement as per the Bank’s format (if the monthly income of the self-employed applicant is less than or equal to Rs 25,000)
Copy of bank passbook with entries of last 6 months for all the banks
In case of other loans availed, active as well as closed:
Copy of sanction letter
No dues of closed loans
Updated repayment record
Rent agreement of the business place
Rent agreement copy of accommodation
Additional Legal and Technical Documents
Non-agricultural permission from the authority concerned
Ownership document of the previous owner
Latest image of the property
Copy of agreement to sell/sale deed/amenities agreement/construction agreement
Ownership proof in revenue records such as Form 8-A, Form 7/12, Form 6, property card
Receipt of margin money paid in case of property purchase
Approved construction plan with layout plan, construction permission, and estimate
Know more about home loan documents required by other lenders
Check Home Loan Interest Rates Offered by Top Lenders
Click Here
Bandhan Bank Home Loan EMI Calculator
Bandhan Bank Home Loan EMI Calculator can be used to calculate the EMI and total interest payable throughout the loan tenure. Applicants can enter the loan amount, interest rate and loan tenure in the Home Loan EMI Calculator given below and obtain the result instantly.
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Amount
₹
Interest Rate
%
Tenure
Year(s)
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Monthly EMI ₹ 15,622
Total Amount Payble ₹ 5,62,395(Principal + interest)
Principal Amount ₹ 5,00,000
Total Interest Payble ₹ 62,395
FAQs on Bandhan Bank Home Loan
1. What is the current home loan interest rate offered by Bandhan Bank?
Ans. The current home loan interest rates offered by Bandhan Bank range from 8.41% to 15% p.a., depending on the credit profile of its applicants and type of home loan scheme availed.
2. How can I apply for a Bandhan Bank Home Loan?
Ans. You can apply for Bandhan Bank Home Loan either directly through the official website of Bandhan Bank or by visiting any branch of Bandhan Bank. You should also visit financial marketplaces like Paisabazaar.com to compare the home loan interest rates offered by other lenders.
3. What factors determine the  Bandhan Bank Home Loan eligibility of the applicants?
Ans. The Bandhan Bank home loan eligibility of the applicants depends on the monthly disposal or surplus income of home loan applicants.
4. What is the minimum credit score required to avail home loans from Bandhan Bank?
Ans. Bandhan Bank has not specified the cut-off credit score for home loan applicants. However, applicants having credit scores of 750 and above usually have higher chances of availing home loans at lower interest rates.
5. Can I prepay my home loan availed from Bandhan Bank?
Ans. Yes, you can prepay the home loan availed from Bandhan Bank. The bank does not levy any prepayment charges on home loans offered at floating rates.
6. Can I choose between fixed and floating rates of interest?
Ans. Bandhan Bank offers home loans at floating rates only.
7. I do not have any formal income documents. Can I avail home loan from Bandhan Bank?
Ans. If you do not have formal income proofs such as salary slips with PF deductions and IT returns, you can avail Suvidha Home Loans for the purchase/construction/extension of a house. The bank conducts detailed field investigations and assessments to assess the cash flow and income of such applicants.
8. Can micro-banking borrowers avail home loans from Bandhan Bank?
Ans. Yes, Bandhan Bank offers the Su-awas Home Loan scheme to micro-banking borrowers.
Menu